docs: update website recommendations (#6317)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/faq.md

### How do I upgrade an EKS Cluster with Karpenter?

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Karpenter recommends that you always validate AMIs in your lower environments before using them in production environments. Read [Managing AMIs]({{<ref "./tasks/managing-amis" >}}) to understand best practices about upgrading your AMIs.

> If using a custom AMI, you will need to trigger the rollout of this new worker node image through the publication of a new AMI with tags matching the [`amiSelector`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodeclasses#specamiselectorterms" >}}), or a change to the [`amiSelector`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodeclasses#specamiselectorterms" >}}) field.

Reviewer: nit: wording, position change means "this" no longer refers to anything
```suggestion
If using a custom AMI, you will need to trigger the rollout of new worker node images through the publication of a new AMI with tags matching the [`amiSelector`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodeclasses#specamiselectorterms" >}}), or a change to the [`amiSelector`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodeclasses#specamiselectorterms" >}}) field.
```

### How do I upgrade an EKS Cluster with Karpenter?

> Karpenter recommends that you always validate AMIs in your lower environments before using them in production environments. Read [Managing AMIs]({{<ref "./tasks/managing-amis" >}}) to understand best practices about upgrading your AMIs.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this FAQ entry should be rewritten entirely. It feels strange to point this out, and then continue to recommend an upgrade path that involves automatic upgrades. Should we rewrite this to detail an upgrade path which involves pinning to your current AMI, testing the new AMI in a lower environment, and bumping the pin?

Author: I view this more as a disclaimer, and then an explanation of how someone can do something, understanding the risks. I see it this way as I'm saying "to understand best practices", where the managing-ami doc talks about how to upgrade. Thoughts?

Reviewer: That's fair, as a disclaimer does it make sense to put it in a note box? Something to separate it from the rest of the prose?

When upgrading an Amazon EKS cluster, [Karpenter's Drift feature]({{<ref "./concepts/disruption#drift" >}}) can automatically upgrade the Karpenter-provisioned nodes to stay in-sync with the EKS control plane. Karpenter Drift is enabled by default starting `0.33.0`.

> {{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

Reviewer: I know this isn't really part of this PR, but since we're updating this FAQ do we want to drop the mention of defaulting to AL2 in the note? It really should just be that we default to the latest EKS optimized AMI for your selected family.

Author: Sure can make that change.
